DOCS-3613: Iterate on Connect Devices (#4037)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/other-hardware/_index.md

{{% /alert %}}

{{< expand "How and where do modules run?" >}}

> Modules for 64-bit architecture run on your machine, alongside [`viam-server`](/operate/reference/viam-server/) as separate processes, communicating with `viam-server` over UNIX sockets.

Author: I guess this ties in with conflation comments below but other than 32-bit beta support, 32 bit -> microcontrollers which run firmware.

Current page says "For microcontrollers, you must flash a [firmware build that includes the Micro-RDK](https://docs.viam.com/operate/get-started/other-hardware/micro-module/) and one or more modules onto your device."--I'll add this back in.

> Modules for 64-bit architecture run on your machine, alongside [`viam-server`](/operate/reference/viam-server/) as separate processes, communicating with `viam-server` over UNIX sockets.

Author: ```suggestion
On machines that run [`viam-server`](/operate/reference/viam-server/), modules run alongside `viam-server` as separate processes, communicating with `viam-server` over UNIX sockets.
```
